Add DualSimTracer doc (#222)
SpinalHDL/SpinalDoc-RTD: source/SpinalHDL/Simulation/bootstraps.rst

    val period = 10
    dut.clockDomain.forkStimulus(period)
    SimTimeout(1000 * period)

Capturing wave for a given window before failure
------------------------------------------------

In the case you have a very long simulation, and you don't want to capture the wave on all of it (too bug, too slow), you have mostly 2 ways to do it.

Either you know already at which ``simTime`` the simulation failed, in which case you can do the following in your testbench : 

.. code-block:: scala
    
    disableSimWave()
    delayed(timeFromWhichIWantToCapture)(enableSimWave())

> Either you can run a dual lock-step simulation, with one running a bit delayed from the the other one, and which will start recording the wave once the other simulation had a failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can run a dual lock-step simulation, with one running a bit delayed from the the other one, and which will start recording the wave once the leading simulation had a failure.
```

> To do this, you can use the DualSimTracer utility, which will ask you the compiled hardware, the window of time you want to capture the wave before falure, and a seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, you can use the DualSimTracer utility, with parameters for the compiled hardware, the window of time you want to capture before failure, and a seed.
```
